They all woke up at around the same time at noon. They made their way to the main hall of the inn for a lunch. Kikai food consisted of nearly only protein with few sides of grain and vegetables. They ate expensive cuts of bghægle with sides of rice and various tofu dishes. 

After their feast they went back to their rooms and started to pack up to head to Kikai. They went to the nearest hyperloop station and got into a private party sized cabin that was designed for 8 people. 

The cabin gave an estimated travel time of four hours and an arrival time of 17 o’clock. They started to discuss what machinery they would need to procure to analyzed the petroleum and engineer petroleum eating bacteria in case they needed to destroy Fromage stores of petroleum. They discussed this until they reached their station in Kyo. 

Upon reaching their station they tried to exit it. Unfortunately Fromage police seized the station from the local Kyo officials because they believed there were terrorist there. The Kikai couldn’t do anything because they were scared of the Fromage officials. Any incident could lead to en embargo on the Kikai. 

“What do we do?” Lucien asked.

“It’s simple,” Arwa responded. “We use one of the various toxins we have to make them not recognize use and simply pass through.” 

“And how do you reckon we get the toxins into their systems?” Guang asked. 

“We’ll have to dart them,” Arwa said.

She pulled out a small machine the size of a phone and various small tubes and needles. She put the capsules of toxins in the tubs, attached a needle, and used the machine to press them together so they stay in place and so the capsule gets connected to the needle. She then made one dart for each of the officers that they saw. She then pulled out what seemed to be the gun that shot the needles. She put a single dart in the gun, and shot it. It instantly hit an officer and the tube containing the capsule fell off the needle and onto the ground. 

“You see,” she said. “The needle isn’t a hypodermic needle, but rather a thin sliver of organic material that uses capillary action to move the toxins from the capsule to the target. Since only a small amount of toxin is needed, the capsule falls off almost immediately to help hide the fact that the target was shot. The organic material will also eventually dissolve and soon be undiscoverable.”

Lucien was in awe of her intellect at operating the darts. She continued to do this for each of the visible guards. After she had finished he directed them to walk with her right pass the guards. The guards stopped them and took a look at their faces and then simply dismissed them. They started to make their way towards their hotel where they would be staying. 

When they reached their hotel, they entered the luxurious lobby and checked in. They each had their own personal suite and unpacked once they reached it. After they unpacked they met back up in the Arwa’s suite to discuss what would happen. 

When Lucien knocked on Arwa’s door and was let in, the law that they were all standing around a table listening to their multi frequency transmitter.

“Members of the AnF were spotted today at a hyperloop station in Kyo. Fromage has send diplomats to Kyo in order to negotiate with the Kikai government on a joint anti-terrorist force. The Kikai government are still being question on how they didn’t notice that the individuals were terrorist when they were admitted entry in Kikai airspace. The Fromage officers controlling the station are also currently being questioned on why they let the terrorist slip through.”

Arwa turned off the radio. 

“Look’s like we’ve been noticed,” Arwa said. “I don’t know how they found out but the only thing we could do now is head to Shi Wu through airship. Airports are the only thing the Fromage officials aren’t allowed to enter due to the State Property Autonomy Agreement that prevents foreign officials from forcing entry into state property run by the government. The station back there wasn’t state-run so that was lega.”

They all went back to their suites and started packing. They met back up in the lobby wearing clothing that helped mask their identities and checked out. They started to make their way out and towards the airport that was only a kilometer away. 

When they were about 50 meters away from the airport they noticed officers in Fromage uniforms blockading the entrances to the airport. While the Fromage weren’t allowed to enter the airport, they could anything they wanted to outside of it. They decided that the best way to get into the airport was to just dash into it.

They got in line for the checkpoint, and once they reached it, they darted for the entrance. It was a 10 meter dash, and luckily the Fromage aren’t allowed fire at or into the airport. They made their way to the check in counter and bought tickets to Jing, the capital of Shi Wu. The airship was to depart in 10 minutes so they had to run to the gate. 

Once they reached their gate they scanned their tickets and got onto the airship. They decided that it would be unwise to store their airplane ticket on their IDs they got paper tickets instead, and would have to use as much paper as possible until they got hold of new IDs. 

The airship departed and started making its way to Jing. At this point the Fromage didn’t knew where they could be heading, but they could have officials waiting at each of the 200 locations the airport serviced with the manpowered they had. They knew their only wait of the airports was by using state transport services. 

Once they landed in Jing, they immediately headed towards the airport’s hyperloop station and checked for nearby government registry buildings. By now it was 19 o’clock and registry buildings would be closing soon. They would have to apply for temporary diplomatic asylum. This was also backed by another diplomatic agreement that was would prevent the pursuing or tracking of any individuals that have been granted diplomatic asylum. They found a registry branch located within the airport. They headed and asked the clerk how to apply for diplomatic asylum. The clerk handed them application sheets.

They filled out their names, ID numbers for each country they are registered in, and reason for asylum. When they handed back the forms the clerk immediately scanned them and gave them temporary diplomatic asylum IDs. They immediate exited the airport and went to the nearest hyperloop station that would take them to the hotel that they would stay at in Jing. Now without and machinery they would just have to use machinery that would have to be procured in Alnaft.

After the long day of trying not to get captured by the Fromage, they went to their hotel and rested until the next morning.
