Lucien made sure to destroy his ID as much as possible and pulled his new fake ID out and left. He left at around 2 o’clock. Usually since it was late a night, people who left their homes after their designated curfew would usually get in trouble, but since Lucien had a diplomatic ID from a foreign country, he would be fine. Usually IDs house registry numbers for your DNA in the respective country’s forensic database, but since the different countries didn’t share any databases, there wouldn’t be any duplicates founds. This caused Lucien to wonder how they got this DNA inputted for the Kikai ID card, but it was likely that the database was hacked and had a profile created for him by copying his profile from one database to another. 

When he reached the hyperloop station, he parked quadricycle and walked into the main lobby. He went an ATM located within the station to check his balance. “1,000,000 Kikaian Credits or ≈837310.558 Fromaggian Credits.”

His jaw dropped. This was enough money to buy a large house with, or about 2 cups of coffee from Sunbucks. He went over the the ticket machine and bought one private capsule from Capitale to  Kyo. Since he bought the most luxurious capsule it set him back about 500 Kikaian Credits. Since the private line that ran between Kyo and Capitale was run by the Kaikaians, it was Kaikaian Credits used rather than Fromaggian.

He took ticket and made his way to gate. Since he was riding in a private capsule, he could leave whenever he wanted as long as it was within the given 6 hour limit. He decided the get there as soon as possible. He got into the capsule, scanned his ID and ticket, and the doors closed. The capsule started to accelerate, and once it had reached the full speed of 1,200km/hr, the capsule gave an estimated trip time of 4 hours and arrival time of 7 o’clock. He decided to sleep on his way there.

When he woke up there was a notification of the screen of the capsule noting that someone had bought a ticket to automatically transfer him to the Kyo International Airport after reaching Kikai. The capsule asked if he would accept this transfer to which he selected yes. This would mean that he would just have to stay in the capsule the entire, making only one stop when reaching the Kyo for a customs check before automatically being directed to the airport. The capsule printed out a what appeared to be a customs declaration shortly after which he was directed to fill out.

Since he woke up at about quarter til 7, he decided to just stay awake until he reached the customs checkpoint. He enjoyed various luxuries the capsule provided including a complimentary minibar and foot bath. 

When his capsule started to decelerate, he noticed a line of capsules ahead of them, presumably waiting to be checked. When it was finally his turn, the capsule pulled up to a booth. The booth created a airproof seal between the capsule and the booth. This was needed since the tunne evacuated and simply a vacuum. The officer manning the booth opened the window on his booth and instructed Lucien to also open his. 

Lucien opened the window and greeted the officer who was wearing a light blue peaked cap with a dress uniform of the same color. 

“Ohayō gozaimasu, ID and declaration please,” the officer said. Lucien handed him his fake ID and declaration. The officer looked at his ID, scanned it, took his declaration, scanned it, and handed his ID back to him. The officer didn’t seem to take any note of the fact that his ID was diplomatic mainly because so many people had them, including missionaries and almost anybody living outside of their nations borders.

“Please place your finger on the scanner,” the officer said. Lucien placed his finger on it and got scanned. “Thank you, and welcome home,” the officer said before closing his window and releasing the capsule. 

The capsule started to accelerate again and this time he was making his way to Kyo International Airport. The capsule gave an estimated time of 15 minutes.

When he reached the airport, his capsule was automatically directed to the terminal. Terminal 4 of Kyo International Airport. He had heard of this terminal before. It is known all over the world as a the largest terminal, that is just also happens to be located on an artificial island. Most of his trip in the hyperloop was inside of metal tube, but terminal 4 was known to connect to land by using hyperloops created from clear materials allowing you to see underwater. 

When he reached the clear tubing he was in awe of what he saw. About five minutes after this he went back into metal tubing before starting to decelerate. When his capsule came to a complete stop the door opened and he got out. He went to the ticket counter an scanned his ID to see if there were any flights planned for him. It machine read that he was on a private flight at gate 134. 

The hyperloop dropped him off near gate 120, so it was only a short walk to his gate. 

When he reached the gate, he noticed nobody else was there besides a man standing at the check-in counter. The destination for the gate was labeled as private. 

Lucien went up to the man. “Hello, I have a flight here.”

“ID please,” the man said. Lucien handed him his ID to which he scanned it. “This way please,” the man said while showing which way to walk. Lucien walked onto the bridges and into the airship’s cabin. In the cabin was simply a desk with 4 luxurious chairs in it. It also seemed to contain a full sized bathroom and a food preparation area. In two of the four chairs were a man and women, both dressed in formal attire. The man at the gate signaled for Lucien to sit in one of the empty seats. The man went to the cabin and told the pilots to prepare for departure before taking a seat in the empty seat besides Lucien.

“Hello Mr. Dubois,” the woman sitting directly across him said. “I’m Arwa Noor.”

Noor. He knew that family. He remembered that the Noor family was one of the parties in the Alnaft Civil War. The Alnaft Civil war was a civil war fought in the Alnaft territories between democratic nationalist House of Noor and the Fromaggian leaning House of Zalaam. The war decided if the Alnaft territories would be under control by Fromaggian supporters, or if it would be an independent state. Today Alnaft is seen as a very corrupt third country world with little resources besides petroleum, a worthless dark liquid that has no uses.

“Nice to meet you Miss Noor,” Lucien responded. 

“Ah yes, thank you,” she responded. “This is Guang Liu, The man sitting next to you now is Hikari Sato. We have you here today because we believe the Fromaggian Empire is suppressing the resources Alnaft, and paying the ruling family of Zalaam to keep quiet. As you may know the capital of Alnaft, Easim is a very luxurious place, but the rest of Alnaft is a wasteland filled with cheese and petroleum pumps. Now we don’t know why there are petroleum pumps, but we know that the Fromaggian’s are making use of it, and we want to know why. That’s why we have you here, we want to you find out what they are doing with the petroleum.”

“Why should I help you?” Lucien asked.

“Because with your help we could bring Alnaft to glory and remove the Empire from being an essential part of other countries economies. It will bring prosperity to everybody. Plus, if you don’t help us we will kill you.”

“Okay then, I’ll help you,” Lucien responded.

“Great, we are now heading out to our strong hold off the coast of Kikai. Tomorrow we will debrief you before you land, and the flights gonna take more than two days, so sit back and enjoy the ride.”
