Lucien woke up to a loud banging on his hotel room. He looked through the peephole to see who it was. He saw Arwa standing there. He opened the door.

“Come with me,” Arwa said. 

He immediately followed her without hesitation still wearing his pajamas. He was led into her room. When they got all the way in Guang and Hikari were also there standing with worried faces. 

“The Fromaggian called an emergency summit this morning,” Arwa said. “The summit starts soon and is planned to end a noon today.”

“Any idea what the summit is about?” Lucien asked.

“It’s not confirmed yet, but when the summit starts they will announce the agenda, which would most likely be to discuss how to deal with us. We’ll have to wait, but the summit will start soon.”

A few minutes later while they were waiting around the the tv on the news channel, a breaking news report showed up announcing that the summit is starting. On the tv appeared the Executive Officer, which was the head of state, of the Fromaggian Empire—Augustin Pierre. 

“Today Executive Officer Augustin Pierre summoned an emergency summit in Capitale, Formaggio,” the commentator said. “The agenda is yet to be set, but it appears Pierre is starting to set it right now”

“Bonjour, fellow world leaders,” Pierre spoke into the microphone. “Thank you for joining me here today in this emergency summit. I have summoned you all to discuss the matters of the terrorist group AnF. Recent events proved that our tactics to capture members are not effective at all, and we need to start increasing security measures to stop them from destroying society. I’m here today to propose a new act, the Counter Terrorist Act. If this act is past, it will allow for improved counter terrorist measures. There policies would allow counter terrorist forces to enter properties without needed warrants and do whatever is necessary in overtaking the terrorist.” There was a mumbling within the crowd.

“Excuse me your excellency,” said Xiong Wei. “How will this affect the State Property Autonomy Agreement?”

“Chairman Wei, unfortunately we will have to repeal agreement for the new act to become effective.” he said. 

Riot broke out in the summit hall. 

“This is a violation of our rights as a sovereign states!” shouted Prime Minister Katsuo Takahashi of Kikai. 

The leaders and entourages of the Kikai and Shi Wu delegations stormed out of their room. 

“It seems that the leaders of the Kikai and Shi Wu are leaving the summit hall,” the commentator said.

The tv suddenly cut to a black screen, then back to regular local programming. 

“We have to get back to headquarters as soon as possible,” Arwa said. “The Fromaggians are likely pressure the Kikai and Shi Wu into accepting the act since any attacks from the Fromaggians would be devastating.

They all went back to their rooms and packed up to get ready to leave. They met back up in the lobby. 

“The fastest way we can get back would be to take a hyperloop to an airport and fly out the AnFAS-02s,” Arwa said.

“There is no way we can use those, they are experiment and have yet to be tested by manned pilots,” Hikari said.

“It’s the only way we can get out at this point,” she responded.

They started heading over the hyperloop and Lucien just assumed the AnFAS-02s were just a slightly different version of the AnFAS-01s. He was so wrong.

They went through the hyperloop without an issues and got to their private hangar at the Kyo International Airport. They opened the hangar doors and unveiled were five AnFAS-02s. They looked identical to the model 1s, but Arwa quickly pointed out the difference. 

“The model 2s launch the exact same way as model 1s, the only difference in the the engine,” she said while pointing to the engines. “Rather than utilizing electric engines, we use liquid rocket fuel to launch. In each of the tanks contains the fuel and an oxidizer, they react to and create large amounts of gasses the propel the plane.”

Lucien was visibly worried. 

“There’s nothing to worry about Arwa said, it pretty much the exact same thing but faster.”

While they were taxiing the planes onto the aircraft catapult, they saw large trucks approaching them. Once they got closer they appeared to have Fromaggian insignia on them.

“Hurry! Fromaggians!” Guang shouted. 

They all hurried into their airplanes, but they had to lift off one by one. There was no way they could all make in the air in time, waiting for them to taxi and waiting for take off permission. 

But then, they saw another group of trucks, but this time they were driving that would block the path of Fromaggians.

“Looks like the Kikai got tired of the Fromaggians controlling them and decided to fight back,” Arwa said. 

They each got in their planes, and Lucien just happened to be the last one to take off. The Kikai were getting beat terribly. Right when he got hooked onto the catapult the Fromaggians started making their way towards him again.

“AnFAS-02-05 to air control, permission to take off,” Cassius said into the multi frequency transmitter. 

“Air control to AnFAS-02-05 you are NOT clear to take off,” said the controller. Lucien heard fighting going on in the background. “Failure to obey will to the takedown of your craft by anti aircraft missiles. Lucien got worried. The Fromaggians were getting closer.

Then he heard another buzz on the transmitter. “Air Contr- bzz AnFAS-02- bzz yo- bzz clear take off- bzz missil- bzz disabl- bzz down wit- bzz Fromaggians!” Right before the static transmission ended he heard the controller get hit. He immediately inserted his control card into his aircraft and the catapult started to calibrate to face his destination. The catapult took off the plane. The increasingly fast plane almost made Lucien faint, but he ended up fine.

When he reached cruising altitude he knew that he would avenge the Kikai soldiers and air controllers that helped them take off.

“That was close,” Guang said throught the speaker.

“Yes it was,” responded Arwa. “Guys, since these aircraft aren’t equipped with autopiloting computers, listen to my commands to adjust the speed your planes so we can make it on the island in time.

The entire flight Arwa instructed them to adjust their speeds accordingly until the made it to the island. While they were approaching the island, all they saw was a wasteland on it.
