When the crew announced that that they would be landing in three hours Arwa told Lucien to take a seat at the table so that she could debrief him. 

“Our goal is to find out why the Fromages have been so interested in Alnaft, we believe it may have to do with the petroleum there,  but we have yet to still find out. After we land we will take a short break before heading out to Kikai where we will retrieve machinery to analyze the petroleum and find out what makes it so lucrative. After that we will head towards Alnaft, but since the Kikai and Alnafts don't have the best relations, we’ll have to head through the Shi Wu border towards Alnaft. The border there should be easier to get through. We will retrieve some petroleum and bring it back for analyses. From there we can move on.
“Your job is to analyze the petroleum, Hikari will help operate machinery, and Guang will help develop petroleum eating bacteria. Got that?”

“Yeah,” Lucien responded.

The rest of the flight Lucien took slept. 
Lucien was woken up by the sudden descent of the aircraft. The aircraft took a few minutes to fully descend a touch the ground. When he looked out of the airship he saw a large complex with many people around it. Lucien was guided out of the plane and was directed to where his living quarters and laboratory were. 

“You have four hours to rest, at 15 o’clock we’ll teach you how to operate the the aircraft that will land us in Kikai.”

Lucien headed towards the cafeteria to eat. Upon entering he noticed there were four quadrants four each of the four main cuisines of Kikai, Fromage, Alnaft, and Shi Wu. He decided to try Shi Wu cuisine today. Since Shi Wu’s main export was agricultural goods, there was a vast selection of foods to choose from. Since interesting things about Shi Wu was that many people enjoys a fermented dairy drink with grapes. Lucien, and many Fromaggians, thought that it was barbarous to consume dairy as it had a composition similar to cheese, and since cheese was known for its many industrial uses, Fromaggians would say the people of Shi Wu drink motor oil. Lucien decided to try out stinky tofu with a side of fermented milk and grapes. 

When Lucien got his food, he noticed that he wasn’t charged for it, and realized that in the society, every took what they needed and contributed back to it appropriately. The moment he sat down he took a whiff of his stinky tofu and almost vomited. He knew it would be stinky, but not as stinky as he thought it would be. He forced himself to cut off a small piece and put it in his mouth. He did this all with his nose plugged. He the put it in his mouth and chewed for a bit he realized that the tofu actually had a pleasant flavor and continued eating, and eventually unplugged his nose. He enjoyed his meal while occasionally sipping his fermented drink and eating a grape now and then. After he finished eating he was feeling tired and went back to his living quarters in a dormitory, which consisted of a single large room with everything he needed contained within it. He went down and used his voice controlled speaker to wake him up half and hour before 15 o’clock.

He turned off the lights in his dorm and slept.

Lucien woke up to dim lights and classical music playing. He up about ten minutes before he set his alarm to wake him up. When he asked his voice control speaker why he woke up so early, the simply responded that it made note of his sleep cycles and woke him up at a specific sleep stage by using things that would allow him to wake up naturally. This natural wake up process was created by slowly increasing the light to simulate sunlight and using soothing classical music rather than a blaring alarm to gently wake him up. 

He woke up and decided to take quick shower before leaving. His shower came equipped with a built in sauna or steam room. He decided to use the sauna for five minutes before washing off and heading towards the airfield where he was directed to meet Arwa. He quickly washed up and made his way towards the airfield.

When he made it at the airfield he saw Arwa and went towards her. He took him to where he would be launching from.

“This is an AnF-01,” Arwa said while pointing towards an odd looking plane “As you can see, it consists with a main cabin with a wingspan of 40 meters. It’s the first air vehicle to function without a lighter-than-air compartment. On each of the wings houses a long tail boom where the batteries that power the engine are located. The engine is located on the cabin. Since it is difficult to generate lift to remove it from ground, it is launched from a catapult which lifts it into the air and which afterwards it can be fully controlled by you, auto pilot, or an AnF pilot located here on base. When we fly out tomorrow morning your flight will be controlled by an AnF pilot here at base.”

“Wow it truly is a wonder,” Lucien replied in awe. He knew that it was launched by a catapult, but it didn’t have any wheels for landing. “How does it land.”

“You see, that’s the tricky part.” she said. “The airplane is like a dart, it gets launched, but eventually will start tilting downwards and start to descend. The engine is there to simply prolong the flight time before it starts to descend.” 

Lucien didn’t like where this was going. 

“When you are over the landing area, you are to eject yourself from the plane, after about 15 seconds, deploy your parachute.” 

“Yeah, no,” Lucien responded.

“It’s the only way, and I’m the only one with the gun here,” she said while pulling her gun out of her holster and waving it around.

“Yeah, yeah, okay,” Lucien said. “What happens with the plane?”

“It will self destruct in the air as long as Kikai give us clearance for it, which they usually do unless there is some error in the forms we will submit when we ask to land.

Arwa grabbed a parachute near her and demonstrated how to operate his when he ejected from the airplane. 

“Come back here at 4 o’clock next morning for deployment.”

Lucien headed back to his dorm to rest yet again for the early deployment. 

He rose the next morning the same way he did the day before and also followed the same routine before heading out. When he was starting to head out it was about 3:20 o’clock. Since it was early he decided to go to the cafeteria to grab a quick meal. Since it was early in the morning, the only stall open was the Alnaft cuisine stall. It was the only one open since Alnaft cuisine was based on foods that slowly released energy throughout the day for a hard days work in the mines or cheese and oil fields of Alnaft, which is where most Alnafts worked. He went up and while no one was at the stall, there was a platter consisting of hardtack and milk. While most Alnafts were too poor to afford nice foods, they did dish out extra money for milk so they could become strong and grow up mostly healthy.

Lucien grabbed a bottle of milk and a package of hardtack and decided to eat on his way to the airfield. He finished his dry hardtack within minutes and down his milk a merely a few gulps. He tossed them in a nearby and bin and kept making his way towards the airfield. 

When he reached the airfield he was met by Arwa, Guang, and Hikari. Arwa pointed out where their landing location was. She said that when they entered Kikai airspace that they would be required to submit customs forms, and would follow what the aircontrol officers said to submit the the documents. They were given small control cards which could be inserted into the planes before takeoff to help track and control the planes. The cards also carry the premade customs forms so all they had to do was use the multi frequency transmitter to submit the forms. They were instructed to remove the cards before ejecting and storing it in a safe place. They geared up with their oxygen masks and made their way towards their planes. 

Lucien got in his plane, put on his oxygen mask and ear pieces, and put in the control card. The moment he inserted the card, the plane engine started running and the catapult launched the plane. When he got into the air he realized the hardtack and milk were a mistake.

“Alright boys,” he heard Arwa say from his ear pieces. “We will eject in about an hour, make sure to pay attention to do so when I instruct you guys to.”

About halfway through the flight, Lucin got even more nauseous and and vomited in his mask. 

“Excuse me what was that sound?” Guang asked.

“I think the rookie vomited,” Hikari said while chuckling.

“Alright boys we’re ejecting in fifteen minutes, get ready. Air control should be asking for your forms soon.” Arwa said. “Also, since Kikai couldn’t care less about us being called a terrorist group by the Fromaggians, we should be able to use our aircraft codes and identities without much trouble.”

Shortly after at about 6 o’clock Lucien heard a buzz coming from his earpiece that was connected to his multi frequency transmitter.

“Ohayō gozaimasu, plane AnF-01-14 please submit your customs forms on frequency 542.1 and wait for clearence to land and eject.” 
Lucien dialed his multi frequency transmitter to 542.1 and pressed the button that would send the forms down to air control. After a few moments he heard a buzz yet again from the transmitter. 

“Arigatō AnF-01-14, you have clearance to eject and destruct. We will destruct once we can confirm you are safely ejected. Welcome to Kikai,” the radio buzzed before turning off. 

Lucien lifted off the cover protecting the eject button and pressed it without hesitation. When he was released into the air, free falling, he counted to fifteen slowly before pulling the cord on his parachute. A continued to slowly fall down before touching ground and meeting up with the other group members. 

“Not bad food a landing rookie!” Guang exclaimed.

“Yeah, but now you know not to eat before flying,” Hikari said. 

Arwa then directed the group to follow her. 

“We will be staying in a small fishing town before heading to Kyo to procure machinery,” Arwa said. 

They continued walking on until they made it to the fishing down and settled down in a small inn. 
