As the the six o'clock bell struck, Phillip rose from his solid marble bed padded with bghægle’s beard. He rose and went into his bathroom to clean himself and get ready for his day of work at the state cheese refinery. He brushed his teeth, put on his laboratory garments and made his way to work in his motorized quadricycle. Like many others commuting to work, they all drove quadricycles that ran off of cheese oils.

While driving noticed a an approaching shadow coming upon the city of Capitis, the capitial of the Fromaggian Empire. As the shadow approached him he realized that the empire’s astrozepplin was flying over the city. The astrozepplin is a large flying aircraft with a length of over 250 meters long that utilized a bladder filled with lighter than air gasses to carry a cabin plus auxiliary units. Nobody quite knew what the purpose was, but many believed that it was simply created to showcase the power of the Fromaggian Empire. 

When he made it to the cheese refinery, he went through a sterilization hall which sprayed fine disinfectant particles and was lit by uv lighting. He clocked in at exactly seven o’clock. At the end of the sterilization hall he went through another airlock leading into the main laboratory. He grabbed a manila folder with his name on it a container where agendas were distributed. He checked his agenda to which today he would be working on emulsifying industrial oils with herbicides and defoliants. He immediately dropped off his agenda and went into the lab refrigerator and pulled 100% industrial cheese and along with the chemicals assigned to him that he was to emulsify. 

He pulled out the industrial cheese that had been pumped, filtered, and then solidified. The next thing that he would needed to do is the separate the cheese into its core components, but what he was really after were the oils for his agenda. The reason he chose to refine the oil by himself was so that he had 100% control over the final product so he knew what it would be like. 

He went on with the usual refining process and extracted the oils. He then went on with mixing the herbicide and defoliant chemicals with various carriers so that he could emulsify it into the oil. He went on and mixed them with various ratios of different carriers and then emulsified them. When he was done he would have to leave it overnight to see how the results were and what worked the best.

He waited in his lab until the city bell struck 17 o’clock until he could leave. He knew that if he clocked out any earlier or later he would get in trouble with the city’s labor department for they had assigned everybody specific jobs and they had to work with maximum efficiency or they would be punished.

He walked out to the parking lot to his quadricycle and made his way home. Today was Driller’s Day, which is a celebration of when the first drillers and miner found out what was in the core of our planet, Ahtea. They dug for decades to find out the century old question. It was initially believed the core was filled with molten metals, but when the core was reached, it was actually found that a golden liquid later to be named cheese was actually in the center. It was a discovery of a new mixture found. This new mixture would go on to be the fuel of various economies, like the Fromaggian Empire. The mixture would also be used in various applications, refined for fuel, building materials, or otherwise. 

The fuel indicator on his quadricycle started blinking so he needed to pull over at a pump to refuel. Throughout the city there were various stations with one to two pumps where you could refuel your vehicles. Phillip got out, pulled the pump to his car, locked it on, and started pumping fuel into his car. The refueling stations had a smell unlike any cheese product, and since the chemical composition of the fuel is kept secret, it is difficult to know how it is produced. Fueling stations and and fuel tanks of cars are also electronically controlled and heavily protected with layers of material issued by the government to prevent people from getting the oil. If anybody tried to break open the fuel tanks, the components would react and release chemicals that would alter the chemical composition of the fuel, making it extremely volatile and thus impossible to analyze. 

One his tank was full, he paid the fee using his state-issued identity card that was used for nearly everything. Since it was Driller’s Day the prices cut in half. His ID housed his personal information, banking information (the banks were also controlled by the government), and even had a unique isotope in it which would allow the government to scan for a specific isotope at a specific level of decay and track it. 

He pulled his quadricycle away from the station and started making his way home. On his way home he had to wait for a parade to pass before continuing on. 

When he finally made it home immediately went to his sofa to watch tv for the rest of the night since the next day would be his one day off for the week. He watched tv until he fell asleep.

~

The next morning he woke up to a loud knocking sound. He opened the door to a figure wearing a motorized bicycle helmet. The figure wearing all black leather handed him a large letter sized involved and then the figure left. He closed his door and was too tired to deal with anything so he just left it on his dining table. The rest of the day he forgot about it and went on with his normal weekend routine of eating, watching tv, and attending a state mandatory service for the Reformed Gebugqi Church. 

At the end of the day while watching the state-censored news channel, he saw a figure similar to the helmeted person.

“Breaking news,” the tv echoed “a terrorist from the AnFromag group has been detained for sedition. The nationality of the terrorist is unknown, but if they are Fromaggian they will also be tried with high treason. If the nationality is not of Fromaggian, or they are form an autonomous territory of the empire, they will be extradited for trial in their respective states with a Fromaggian representative present at all the of the events pertaining to the trial of the terrorist.”

Phillip instantly knew that he had to turn the envelope into the government and be a good citizen. 

“Since the terrorist didn’t have an isotope tracker, camera tapes will be reviewed to create a timeline of the locations of said terrorist,” the tv continued. “Affiliated members will be tried appropriately by their respective states.”

This is where his thought changed. If he turned in the envelope the police would affiliate him with the terrorist. After much deliberation he decided to open the envelope to see what was inside. He knew that he would be tried harshly in the empire, and even if he got asylum, there was still the possibility that he would be extradited or tried in the state he applied for asylum in. He knew all trials that involved the empire were always influenced with currency to be in favor with the empire. All the states were also dependant on the empire for their economies, and with any tariffs or embargoes they would fall into collapse.

Phillip went to the table and opened the envelope. Contained within the envelope was a letter and what seemed to be a fake ID issued by another state. 

“Hello Phillip Dubois,” the letter read. “By the time you are reading this letter, it is most likely the messenger was detained trying to get this to you, so what we tell you to do, must be done immediately, or else you may face being detained. We have been keeping and eye on you for a quite a while now. We see you are highly regarded in the scientific community for your ability to efficiently undergo chemical synthesis.
“You’re needed by our group to uncover the truths of the Fromaggian Empire. Please make your way to a hyperloop station and take the track to Kyo where you will then be transferred by blimp to our headquarters. Please destroy your current ID and use the Kikaian ID provided from now on.”

The letter was signed with AnFromag 
